This License agreement (hereinafter "the Agreement") is a legal agreement made between
you (natural or legal person, hereinafter "the user") and NetUP company (hereinafter "NetUP")
concerning the above software NetUP product, and including the software recorded on the corre-
sponding carriers, print materials, and any inline or electronic documentation (hereinafter "the
product").
1. License scope.
1.1. One product set may be installed on only one computer.
1.2. The product is considered used if it is loaded in the RAM memory, or stored on hard disk,
CD or other storing device of a certain computer.
1.3. The user has a right to create an archive copy intended exclusively for individual use for
the product recovery or storing it on hard disk on condition that the original copy is stored
as backup or archive copy.
2. NetUP and its vendors warrant replacing low-quality optical, magnetic or other carriers on
which the product is delivered for installation. The user rights and warranty services are ren-
dered only to the registered users.
3. This license also refers to the original product updates and add-ons provided by NetUP, if
not specified otherwise in the accompanying documents.
4. The product may be transferred to another workstation. The original user has a right to trans-
fer it on a non-recurrent basis to another user. This transfer shall include all necessary com-
ponents: carriers and print materials, this agreement and authenticity certificate (if
available). It is not allowed to provide the product for rent, lease or temporary use.
5. It is not allowed to disclose the technology or decompile the product, except in cases when
despite this restriction in the license agreement it is explicitly allowed by the active legisla-
tion, and to the degree that is clearly defined therein.
6. NetUP has a right to terminate this agreement when its provisions and terms are violated by
the user. In this case, the user is obliged to destroy all available product copies and its com-
ponents.
7. The user agrees that NetUP has a right to collect and use at its own discretion the technical
data supplied by the user to the support department of NetUP.
8. To the maximum degree allowed by the active legislation and under no circumstances,
NetUP and its vendors are liable for any special, occasional, direct or indirect damage, or
loss (including without limitations the following: loss of profit; loss of confidential or other
information; loss caused by breakages in commercial or production operations; damage to
health; violation of privacy; non-fulfillment of any obligation including obligation to act
conscientiously and with reasonable precautions; loss caused by negligence; and any other
property or other kind loss) in result of use or impossibility to use the product, rendering or
non-rendering maintenance services, or in other cases envisaged or related to provisions of
this license agreement, including violation of obligation, civil offence (including negli-
gence), impersonal (independent of guilt) liability for some damage, violation by NetUP or
its vendor of any contract or warranty liabilities, even if NetUP or its vendors have been no-
tified in advance of this possible damage. NetUP and its vendors are not liable and bear no
obligations in case of this product unauthorized use, which is not envisaged by this agree-
ment.
9. This agreement becomes valid on the moment of installing the product. This agreement will
be valid for an indefinite time period, except cases of transferring the right for this product
use, as envisaged by p. 4 of this Agreement.
10. All property rights, author's rights for this product and in relation to it belong to NetUP or its
vendors. This product is provided for use ("licensed"), not for sale.
11. Installation and maintenance of the product is provided by NetUP under a separate agree-
ment.